LYNX-152: Documentation for attributesMetadata query (#127)
AdobeDocs/commerce-webapi: src/pages/graphql/schema/attributes/queries/custom-attribute-metadata-v2.md

---
title: customAttributeMetadataV2 query | Commerce Web APIs
---

# customAttributeMetadataV2 query

The `customAttributeMetadataV2` query retrieves metadata for the specified `entity_type` and `attribute_code` pairs.

This query replaces [`attributesMetadata`](../../store/queries/attributes-metadata.md) 
and [`customAttributeMetadata`](../../store/queries/custom-attribute-metadata.md). 

> Some of the differences of this new query are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This new query has several features that were not available in the deprecated queries:

```
(Add a blank line after the colon)

> - Can be extended by all entity types. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  All entity types can extend this query.
```

> - This provides access to all properties of eav attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  The query provides access to all properties of EAV attributes.
```

> - It introduced uid information for the attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `uid` values are now available.

```

Add a blank line after the last bullet. Also make sure there are no blank spaces at the end any of the lines.
